[MUSIC]
>> Brian Lonsdorf: All right,
this one's pretty great.
So here's what you're going
to see in your normal code.
This is like what you're
gonna see on your day to day.
And we're gonna say if we have a number,
we want to parse the end.
Okay, well I know how to write that.
I could say, well, I have parseInt.
Okay, and what do I want to do?
I want to compose that with
first put it in maybe, right?
Because it may or may not be there.
But then I have to map parseInt over it,
and see if this works.
Hey, hey it worked.
Let's make it weird.
Things got weird,
then they got real weird.
Come on, run it.
There it goes.
Expected 4 equals 43.
I just like to fail it sometimes just
to know we're on the right track.
It's a good little tip.
You can just like mess with the test so
you know that you did it right.
>> Speaker 2: Hey, Brian.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Yo.
>> Speaker 2: We're getting asked for
a more step by step breakdown
of how you're coming up
with the solutions.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: Having some
trouble following.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Okay, sure.
So, with this example 4, I've recognized
a pattern that says if this value is here,
I guess you more likely see
this if it's not equal,
equal, null, && it's not equal equal.
But n is not equal equal undefined and
we'll see this every
day in JavaScript code.
People write this over and
over and over again.
Then we want to do this.
And we're saying like, okay, I know that
there's a pattern that captures this.
I know that's called maybe.
If I have an null check and I want to run
something if it's there, I will use maybe.
Well how do I use maybe?
Well I know I wanna put my value in it.
That's an important part.
Functions don't go to maybes,
values go into maybes.
So if I have a Maybe (2),
then if I can't parseInt the Maybe (2),
I have to map parseInt the Maybe (2).
Then all of put a string and
we're gonna Maybe (2).
So I was just kind of pushed into
this solution because I said
I have to put n in a maybe
because it might not be there.
My value goes in the maybe,
in that container,
and then when I map this function over it,
it checks it.
I realize that the value's
in the container now so
I have to map this function over it.
Now the composition of these two things,
putting it in the maybe then mapping
parseInt over it,
is kind of what we're looking for
to gain a function instead of
just running it immediately.
But you're gonna see
this a lot in your code,
cuz most your code is going to
be making functions like that.
You're not just going to be running things
left and right inside other functions.
You gonna be composing and
combining things into new functions.
All right.
So that was 4.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: All right.
How are we doing?
Was that a better breakdown?
>> Speaker 2: I'll ask.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Break it down.
>> [SOUND]
>> Brian Lonsdorf: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE] Create
the logging function again.
And I threw a log between
the map pareseInt and maybe and
there was no output.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Really?
Right here?
Let's do it.
So here's our log function.
I think in other ones I've defined this
for you just to help a little bit.
We'll return to x so
it counts a log and return it.
Now then we log in the middle.
Yeah, this big junk.
What is this thing?
This is the JS Bin specific version
of an output of an object that I've
never seen in any other interpreter.
[LAUGH] But it says our value is 4 and
it's inside this giant object.
So see, if I call toString on
this it'll look a lot nicer.
There it is.
So is it maybe the return x, or?
>> Speaker 3: No,
I got that.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Do
you make any adjustment?
>> Speaker 3: Sure.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: All right,
let's do it.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Get this guy.
Okay, what's the letters?
>> Speaker 3: K-U-M-A-Q.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: K-U-M-A-Q.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Yeah, there it goes.
Fixes it.
It's got some value.
>> Speaker 4: I created a arbitrary
[SOUND]
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Okay, perfect.
So exercise 5 says, so we're gonna log.
Yeah, looks very close,
like exactly what I have.
Let's see.
Exercise 5.
Log.
I'm calling exercise 4.
[LAUGH] Sorry, man.
That's a bummer.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: That's why you shouldn't
grade exercise five.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: [LAUGH] Actually,
when I was naming these,
I was like these are horrible names.
Every time we rearrange it,
I have to rename every exercise.